jag so high used to be a professor with
the Department of Defense teaching among
other things how to test weapon systems
a rather explosive subject matter these
days well let's just say what he likes
to talk about is considerably more
laid-back and calming you see he's
surrounded by lavender plans at his
place called appropriately enough
lavender Valley acres it smell good now
my videographer Tommy Evans and I were
here right before everything was in full
bloom but that enticing and wonderful
aroma was already in the air and that's
one of the many reasons people come here
basically the people call us to check
are we really talking in love and for
some other plans okay what that's number
one become your acoustic they come here
to check the lenders and then they come
to know that we have ten different
variety of learned they don't believe
that also they think know that when they
want color know when they come here they
check everything yes and yes they can
learn that lameter can come in pink blue
and even white needless to say just
walking around lavender Valley acres is
fun and relaxing there's a garden area
where one can take a leisurely aromatic
stroll where all the senses are fully
engaged and everyone is interested in
the medicinal purposes of lavender
lavender Blanche number one to relax you
and we need to relax everybody that's
what when the people come I give it a
drop of the coils they can smell and
relax I carry in my pocket all the time
I smell and it cleared my sinuses clear
my sore throat and people committed
yesterday they really work with demos
and then of course I put in my shampoo
put in my lotion which we have and i put
on my body and muscular bug don't come
near me that's right humans love the
smell of lavender but apparently bugs
mosquitoes and most animals do not one
animal who holds its own here is the
peacock there are several of them on
and Jack keeps them on the property
because they are the native bird of his
homeland India they add to the majestic
nature of the farm and it's tranquil
beauty finally there's a shop on the
premises where you can visit and find
numerous byproducts of lavender created
by Jack's son and daughter both of whom
have degrees in biology and chemistry
you can find lotions oils soaps candles
and sprays much of jag and his wife's
efforts are paying off lavender Valley
acres has won some awards in recent
years and right now they are gearing up
for their big festival that takes place
on Julie 11th where people can come out
enjoy live entertainment belly dancing
food and of course taken that aroma of
lavender people who come here to learn
altamira lavenda people also come here
to learn how to make my product a
manatee economy development little
little effort helped lord i read the
long time ago Joe Dorman did made a
study while I were traveling with the
government and I read on the internet
that he made a study that even the small
festival bring Lord they call me
enhancement in the solid economic
enhancement and a lot of relaxed happy
people in Apache I'm Dino Lalli